---
layout: post
title:  "Rants"
date:   2012-08-01 10:01:38 +0100
categories: rants
---

### The change we want (29 August 2012)

The change we (Nigerians) want may never happen, the country as a whole and her people are not yet ready for the change.

The entire universe will never change also, technology is revolutionizing the surface of the world and people think: the world is changing, if you look beyond the surface, you will definitely see that, only people's words, actions, decisions, orientation and the way we do things changes, but not the real change we desire.

No matter what many people do, this world will never change, those that tried to change the world many years ago don't leave anymore, they are now living in the world beyond the blues now.

Imagine a country where everyone is healthy and wealthy. A nation with no disease, a land where there are no classes of people? Such a country doesn't exist.



### The peace we want (23 August 2012)
The most important topic in Nigeria is peace, relatively it is one of the things we don't have.

What kind of peace do we seek? not a peace enforced on the Nigerians by American weapons of war, not the peace of the grave neither the security of the slave.

What we seek is genuine peace; the kind of peace that makes life on earth worth living, the kind that  enables men and nation to grow, and to hope for a better life for their children, not merely peace for Nigerians but peace for all men and women, not merely peace in our time but peace for all time.


### Patriotic Duty (21 August 2012)
Wars throughout history have been waged for conquest and plunder and it
is the working class (common people) who fought all the battles, they were the one who made the supreme sacrifices, freely they shed their blood and
furnishes the road with their corpses during the wars, and yet they have no voice declaring war or making peace, invariably the ruling class (elite) class does both.

Alone they declared war and alone make peace when they feel like, continually they talked about their patriotic duty. 
It is not their duty but our patriotic duty that they are concerned about.

Their patriotic duty never took them to the firing line or chucked them into the trenches 


### My biggest fear(03 January 2012)
Government is my biggest fear, they are like an unruly child. Despite all the warning, wham, and whang. Nigerians have a serious brain loss if the current politicians they do not toss away. 

The only reason to keep them is greed, so some of us can continually feed.
I have to wonder, are the people so dumb that they can't see how perverted we have all become. 
In the begining, Mr. President (Goodluck Ebere Jonathan) worked well but now I'm not thrilled; I'm sure you can tell if we deserve what we get from his government. 

But I'm really hoping we don't give up yet. If you voted for President Goodluck Ebere Jonathan, not his party in last year(2011) April election, then you have no moral right to complain about fuel subsidy removal because when you vote a candidate you simultaneously voted for a set of policies and programmes.

Soon or later, the day is coming, his government shall be O'erthrown and fruitful fields of Nigeria shall be walked by us alone. 
Riches more than what mind can picture shall be ours upon that day.

Politicians are like a little boy driving a huge carthorse along a narrow path, whipping it whenever it tried to turn, It struck me that if only such animals(civilians) became aware of their strength, the boy will have no power over them.
Who are this politicians?

They are tools of oppression that will clatter like glasses in harmattan, a mirage found on the road on a sunny day and disappears in the evening.
The raining sweat of our struggle shall wash them away like a dirty in the gutter, retention of their rule will fade into oblivion...


### The awfully depressing place to live
Nigeria academic environment seldom does sound like an awfully depressing place to live. 

It’s a place where new ideas, unfamiliar approaches, and foreign concepts always lose. The only thing that wins is what people have already known and do, even if those things are flawed or inefficient, no one cares.

If we can scratch the surface well we’ll find out that, this world inhabitants are filled with pessimism and despair. They expect fresh concepts to fail, they assumed, society isn’t ready for or capable of change. Even worse, they want to drag others down into their tomb. 

If you’re hopeful and ambitious, they’ll try to convince you your ideas are impossible, they’ll say you’re wasting your time. Don’t believe them, that world may be real for them but doesn’t mean you have to live in it.

